Docs: Clarifying format of ingress endpoint service name (#6306)
containous/traefik: docs/content/providers/kubernetes-ingress.md

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[providers.kubernetesIngress.ingressEndpoint]
  publishedService = "namespace/foo-service"
  # ...
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
providers:
  kubernetesIngress:
    ingressEndpoint:
      publishedService: "namespace/foo-service"
    # ...
```

```bash tab="CLI"
--providers.kubernetesingress.ingressendpoint.publishedservice=namespace/foo-service
```

> Published Kubernetes Service to copy status from. In the format of `namespace/service`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Published Kubernetes Service to copy status from.
Format: `namespace/servicename`.
```
